Update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-use-documentiterator-to-export-document-in-a-custom-format: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T632549)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# WinForms Rich Text Editor - Use DocumentIterator to Export a Document in a Custom Format

This example demonstrates how to use a [DocumentIterator](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.API.Native.DocumentIterator) object and a [DocumentVisitor](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.API.Native.IDocumentVisitor) implementation to export a document in a custom format. The `DocumentIterator` navigates through document elements. The document visitor is used to export document elements to a lightweight markup language ([Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)).

## Implementation

> The document visitor is implemented according to the <strong>Visitor pattern</strong>. In this example, the custom document visitor is inherited from the <strong>DocumentVisitorBase</strong> class. The <strong>DocumentVisitorBase</strong> class implements the [IDocumentVisitor](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.API.Native.IDocumentVisitor) interface. Thus, you can override only required methods of the <strong>DocumentVisitorBase</strong> class to process documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document visitor is implemented according to the <strong>Visitor pattern</strong>. In this example, the custom document visitor is inherited from the <strong>DocumentVisitorBase</strong> class. The <strong>DocumentVisitorBase</strong> class implements the [IDocumentVisitor](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.API.Native.IDocumentVisitor) interface. This means you can override only the methods of the <strong>DocumentVisitorBase</strong> class to process documents.
```

> The document iterator moves over each document structure item and passes a custom document visitor object to the current item. The custom document visitor builds a string with lightweight markup for the currently processed document item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document iterator moves over each document structure item and passes a custom document visitor object to the current item. The custom document visitor builds a string with lightweight markup for the processed document item.
```
